what is up everyone um we have another
Mortal Kombat X DLC trailer why couldn't
it be in the game I don't know the game
that I paid $60 for I don't know but
it's Tanya so you know I have to watch
it and I have to do a reaction for it so
let's see what we have here
PEGI 18 yes
still alive disease
going down girlfriends
Oh
Oh God I want it I want it I want it
it's amazing that I have played so much
of Mortal Kombat X but yet those
brutalities and those fatalities still
get me so much I can't I mean I'm still
I still like it's not that I can't look
at it I just kind of do a thing let me
know if you guys are excited for the new
Tania DLC trailer
do you hate DLC especially for this game
let me know that too and make sure you
share you like and subscribe if you
haven't already I will see you guys
later